 Run Meros 
Osamu Dazai 
Meros was furious. I decided that I must get rid of that king of evil tyranny. Meros doesn't understand politics. Meros is the shepherd of the village. I played the flute and played with the sheep. However, he was twice as sensitive to evil as anyone else. In the early morning of this morning, Meros left the village, crossed the field, crossed the mountain, and came to this city of Syrax, which was ten miles away. Meros has no father or mother. I don't even have a wife. I live with my sixteenth, shy sister. This sister was supposed to welcome a disciplined shepherd in the village as a groom soon. The wedding is just around the ear. Meros, therefore, I came all the way to the city to buy a bride's costume and a feast. First, I bought and collected the goods, and then wandered along the main street of the capital. Meros had a bamboo horse friend. It is Serinuntius. Now I'm doing stonework in this city of Syrax. I'm going to visit that friend from now on. I haven't seen you for a long time, so I'm looking forward to visiting. As he walked, Meros wondered about the state of the town. It's sept. The sun has already set, and it is obvious that the town is dark, but somehow, not only because of the night, but the whole city is extremely lonely. Meros, who is no-hasty, is also gradually becoming anxious.I grabbed the young people I met on the street and asked if something had happened. When I came to this city two years ago, everyone sang a song even at night, and the town must have been bustling. The young people shook their heads and did not answer. After walking for a while, I met the old man, and this time I asked a question with a stronger tone. The old man didn't answer. Meros shakes the old man's body with both hands and asked questions. The old man replied in a low voice. The king kills people. Why do you kill me? It is said that he has a bad intention, but no one has such a bad intention. Did you kill a lot of people? Yes, at first, the king's sister-in-law.Then, your own heir. Then, my sister. Then, my sister's child. Then, the Empress. Then, the wise vassal Alexis. I was surprised. Is the king disturbed? No, I'm not confused. It is said that you can't trust people. These days, I have ordered those who doubt the hearts of their subjects and live a slightly flashy life to offer hostages one by one. If you refuse his order, you will be crucified and killed. Six people were killed today. Hearing this, Meros was furious. It's a stunned king. I can't keep it alive. Meros was a simple man.I went to the royal castle with shopping on my back. He was immediately captured by a patrol policeman. After being investigated, a dagger came out of Meros's pocket, so the commotion became bigger. Meros was pulled out before the king. What were you going to do with this dagger? Say it! The tyrant Dionis questioned quietly, but with dignity. The king's face was pale, and the wrinkles between his eyebrows were deep as if they were engraved. Save the city from the hands of the tyrant. And Meros answered without being angry. Is it you? The king smiled pitifully. It can't be helped. You don't understand my loneliness.quotemarkDon't say it! And Meros stood up and refuted. Doubting a person's heart is the most shameful virtue. The king even doubts the loyalty of the people. It was you who taught me that doubting is a legitimate mindset. People's hearts cannot be relyed on. Humans are inherently selfish. Don't believe it. The tyrant muttered, and sighed with relief. I also want peace. Peace for what. Is it to protect your position? This time, Meros mocked. What is peace by killing innocent people? Shell up, you lowly. The king quickly raised his face and rewarded."With your mouth, you can say any pure thing. I can't see through the depths of people's belly cotton. Even now, after being crucified, I won't listen to you crying and apologizing. Oh, the king is clever. It's okay to be conceited. Even though I'm prepared to die. I will never beg for my life. However, Meros dropped his gaze at his feet and hesitated for a moment, "However, if you want to have feelings for me, please give me a three-day limit before the execution. I want my only sister to have a husband. In three days, I will have a wedding in the village, and I will definitely come back here. Idit."The tyrant laughed lowly in a hoarse voice. " I'm telling a ridiculous lie. Are you saying that the little bird that escaped will come back? That's right. I'm coming back. Meros desperately insisted. I will keep my promise. Please forgive me for just three days. My sister is waiting for me to come home. If you don't trust me that much, that's fine, there's a stonemason named Serinuntius in this city. He is my second best friend. Let's leave it here as a hostage. If I run away and don't come back here by the end of the third day, please strangle that friend to death. Please, please do so. Hearing that, the king smiled softly with a cruel feeling.I'm saying cheeky things. I'm not going to come back anyway. It's also interesting to pretend to be deceived by this liar and let it go. It's also creepy to kill a substitute man on the third day. If people can't believe it because of this, I will face sadly and crucifix the man instead of him. I want to show it to honest people in the world. " I heard your wish. It's good to call that substitute. Come back before sunset on the third day. If you stay, I'm sure I'll kill you instead. Come back for a while. I will forgive your sins forever. What, what are you talking about?"Haha. If life is important, come back. I know your heart. Meros was reluctant to talk and stepped on the ground. I don't want to say anything anymore. The bamboo horse's friend, Serinuntius, was summoned to the royal castle late at night. In front of the tyrant Dionis, a good friend and a good friend met for the first time in two years. Meros told his friend all the circumstances. Serinuntius nodded silently and hugged Meros tightly. Between friends and friends, that's good. Serinuntius was hit by a rope. Meros left immediately. In early summer, it is a star in the sky. That night, Meros hurried down the ten-mile road without sleeping at all and went to the village.When I arrived the next morning, the sun had already risen high, and the villagers had gone out to the field and started working. Meros's sixteenth sister also took over the sheep instead of her brother today. I was surprised to find my brother's exhausted figure staggering and walking. Then, I asked my brother a question loudly. Nothing. Meros tried to force himself to laugh. I left an errand in the city. I have to go to the city again right away. I'll have your wedding tomorrow. The sooner the better. My sister blushed. Are you happy? I also bought a beautiful costume. Now, go and let the villagers know. The wedding is tomorrow."Meros staggered again, went home, decorated the altar of the gods, set up the banquet, and soon fell on the floor and fell into a deep sleep that he couldn't breathe. It was night when I woke up. As soon as Meros woke up, he visited the groom's house. Then, I asked him to hold the wedding tomorrow because there was a little situation. The son-in-law's shepherd was surprised and replied that he couldn't do that, we haven't prepared anything yet, please wait until the grape season. Meros pushed even more that he couldn't wait, please do it tomorrow. The shepherd of his son-in-law was also stubborn. It's hard to agree. NightAfter continuing to argue until dawn, I managed to appease my son-in-law and persuade him. The wedding was held at noon. When the bride and groom had made an oath to the gods, dark clouds covered the sky, and it began to rain, and eventually it rained heavily that washed the axles. The villagers who were present at the celebration felt something ominous, but even so, they were very happy, and in the small house, they were hot and humid, singing cheerfully, and clapping their hands. Meros also had a full face of joy, and for a while, he even forgot that promise with the king. The banquet finally became chaotic and gorgeous at night, and people stopped worrying about the heavy rain outside at all.Meros wanted to stay here for the rest of his life. I wanted to live with these good people for the rest of my life, but now it's my body, not my own. It's something that can't be done. Meros whipped himself and finally decided to leave. There is still enough time before sunset tomorrow. I thought about taking a nap and leaving right away. By then, it will be raining lightly. I wanted to stay in this house for a long time. Even a man like Meros still has feelings of longing. Tonight, I approached the bride who seemed to be stunned and drunk with joy, and said, "Congratulations. I'm tired, so I'm sorry and I want to sleep.As soon as I wake up, I go to the city. I have something important to do. Even without me, you already have a kind husband, so you will never be lonely. The thing your brother hates the most is doubting people and lying. You know that too. Don't make any secrets with your husband. That's all I want to say to you. Your brother is probably a great man, so you should be proud of him. The bride nodded with a dreamy feeling. Meros then tated the groom's shoulder and said, "It's mutual that you're not prepared. The only treasures in my house are my sister and sheep.There is nothing else. I'll give it all to you. One more thing, be proud of being Meros's younger brother. The groom was rubbing his hands. Meros smiled and nodded to the villagers, left the banquet, went into the sheepfold, and fell a deep sleep as if he was dead. I woke up around the tsk of the next day. Meros jumped up, Minami Muzo, did he oversleep, no, it's still okay, if you leave right away, you'll be in time for the promised deadline. Today, I will definitely show that king the existence of human faith and reality. Then I laugh and go up to the crucifion. Meros began to prepare leisurely. The rain also seems to be falling a little.I'm ready. Well, Meros waved his arms wide and ran like an arrow in the rain. I will be killed tonight. Run to be killed. I run to save my friend instead. Run to defeat the king's treacherous evil wisdom. I have to run. Then, I will be killed. Protect your honor from a young age. Goodbye, hometown. Young Meros had a hard time. Several times, I almost stood up. Ei, Ei shouted loudly and ran while scolding himself. By the time I left the village, crossed the fields, passed through the forest, and arrived at the neighboring village, the rain had stopped, the sun rose high, and it was about to get hot. Meros brushed off the sweat on his forehead with his fist, and it was okay to come this far, and he no longer had no longing for his hometown.The younger sisters will surely become a good couple. I shouldn't have any to ware about it right now. If you go straight to the royal castle, that's fine. You don't have to rush that much. Let's walk slowly, regaining his calmness and sang his favorite song in a good voice. I walked around for two miles and three miles, and when I was about to reach the middle of the entire mileage, the disaster that came up, and Meros's feet stopped. Look at the river ahead. Due to yesterday's heavy rain, the water source of the mountain flooded, and the turbid current gathered downstream, destroying the bridge in one fell swoop, and the rapids that resounded, bounced the bridge girders over the dust of the leaves. He stood up blankly.I looked around here and there, and I tried to call my voice as much as possible, but all the boats were dredged by the waves without a shadow, and I couldn't see the guard. The flow is finally swling up, like the sea. Meros crouddled on the riverbank and raised his hand to Zeus while crying for a man. Oh, calm down, the raging flow! Time goes by every moment. The sun is already noon. If I can't get to the royal castle before it sinks, that good friend will die for me. The turbid stream jumps more and more fiercely, as if laughing at Meros's screams. The waves swallow, roll, and stir up the waves, and then the time disappears every moment.Now Meros is also prepared. There is nothing else than swimming through. Oh, look at the gods too! Now is the time to show the great power of love and sincerity that is not inferior to the turbid flow. Meros jumped into the stream and began a desperate struggle against the raging waves like a hundred snakes. With all his strength in his arms, God thought it was pitiful to see the figure of the child of the man who was fluttering and fluttering, and finally dropped pity for him. Even though I was swept away, I was able to cling to the trunk of the tree on the other side of the river. Thank you very much. Meros shook his body like a horse, and immediately hurried ahead again.Even if it's a moment, it can't be wasted. The sun is already tilting to the west. When I was relieved, a group of bandits jumped out in front of me while breathing heavily. Wait." What are you going to do? I have to go to the royal castle before the sun sets. Let go. I won't let go. Leave all your belongings behind. I have nothing but life. I will give that only life to the king from now on. Well, I want life. " Now, by the king's order, he was ambushing me here. The bandits raised their clubs all at once without saying anything.Meros bent his body, attacked one of the people close to him like Asuka, snatched the club, and said, "I'm sorry, but it's for justice!" With a fierce blow, he immediately knocked down the three people, and while the rest were flinging, he quickly ran down the pass. I went down the pass at once, but I was exhausted, and the scorching sun in the afternoon shone properly, and Meros felt dizzy again and again, and he regained his composure that this could not be done, staggered two or three steps, and finally, his knees I broke. I can't stand up. I looked up to the sky and began to cry. Oh, ah, Meros, who has swam through the turbid stream, shot down three bandits, and broke through to this point.The true hero, Meros. It's heartless to be exhausted and unable to move here and now. Your beloved friend will have to be killed as soon as he believes in you. You try to scold yourself, saying that you are a rare disbelieving person, that you are exactly what the king thinks, but your whole body is withered, and you can no longer move forward like a caterpillar. I lay down on the grassland by the roadside. If you are physically tired, your mind will also be beaten. An unfaithful guts that doesn't matter anymore, which is not suitable for a hero, has eaten in the corner of my heart. I put in so much effort. There was no heart to break a promise. God also looks at me, and I have been trying my best. I ran until I couldn't move.I'm not a disbeliever. Oh, if I can, I want to cut off my chest and see your crimson heart. I want to show you this heart that is moving only with Ai and Nobumi's blood. However, at this important time, I ran out of spirit and roots. I'm a man who is often unhappy. I'm sure I'll be laughed at. My family is also laughed at. I deceived my friend. Falling down halfway is the same as doing nothing from the beginning. Oh, I don't care anymore. This may be my destiny. Serinuntius, please forgive me. You always believed in me. I didn't deceive you either. We were really good friends and friends.Even once, we have never had a dark cloud of suspicion in each other's heart. Even now, you will be waiting for me mindlessly. Oh, I'll be waiting. Thank you, Serinuntius. How dare you believe me. When I think about it, I can't stand it. Faith and truth between friends is the most proud treasure in the world. Serinuntius, I ran. I didn't mean to deceive you. Believe me! I came here in a hurry. I broke through the turbid current. He slipped out of the bandit's fence and came down the pass at once. I was able to do it because it was me. Oh, on top of that, don't expect it from me.Leave it alone. It doesn't matter, it's okay. I lost. It's not sloppy. Laugh at me. The king whisped to me, "Come here for a moment." He promised to kill me for him and help me. I hated the king's meanness. However, now that I see, I am doing what the king says. I'll go there. The king will laugh at me by himself and let me go without incident. If that happens, it will be more painful than dying. I am a traitor forever. It is the most dishonorable race on earth. Serinuntius, I'm going to die too. Let me die with you. You must be the only one who believes in me.No, is that also my self-righteed? Oh, I'd rather live as a villain. My house is in the village. There are also sheep. My sister and her husband would not kick me out of the village. It's justice, faith, love, if you think about it, it's silly. Kill people and live by yourself. Wasn't that the law of the human world? Oh, everything is so stupid. I'm an ugly traitor. Anyway, you can do whatever you want. It's lukewarm. ――I threw out my limbs and dozed off. Suddenly, I heard the sound of water flowing in my ears. I gently raised my head, gasped and listened.It seems that water is flowing right underfoot. I staggered up and looked at it. Clear water was gushing out of the crack of the rock while whispering something softly. Meros bent down as if being sucked into the spring. I scooped water with both hands and took a sip. A long sigh came out, and I felt like I had woken up from my dream. I can walk. Let's go. With the recovery of physical fatigue, a little hope was born. It is the hope of fulfilling obligations. It is the hope of killing myself and protecting my honor. The setting sun casts red light on the leaves of the trees, and the leaves and branches are shining as if they were burning. There is still time before sunset. There is someone waiting for me. There are people who do not doubt at all and quietly expect it.I can be trusted. The riddle of my life is not a problem. I can't say anything nice, such as dying and apologizing. I have to repay the trust. That's just one thing now. Run! Meros.
