 The ominous mass of Lemon
 Motojiro Kajii 
had been pressing on my heart all the time. Should I say it's impatience or disgust - just like there is an hover after drinking alcohol, if you drink alcohol every day, there will be a period equivalent to a hangover. It came. This didn't work a bit. The resulting lung tip catal or nervous breakdown is not bad. It's not that debts that burn your back are not bad again. What's wrong is that ominous mass. I can't be patient with any beautiful music or a beautiful verse of poetry that made me happy before. Even if you go out to listen to the gramophone, you will want to stand up unexpectedly in the first two or three barves.Something makes me unbearable. So I kept wandering around the city from the city all the time. For some reason, I remember being strongly attracted to something shabby and beautiful at that time. I liked the back street, which was somewhat familiar to the city that was about to be broken even if it was a landscape, and that was more familiar than the front street, which was a alone for that city, where dirty laundry were hung out, rolled, and looked at a sly room. In a quaint city that seems to be said to be eroded by rain and wind and eventually return to the soil, the earth walls are collapsing and the houses are tilting - the only thing that is good is the plants, and sometimes there are sunflowers that surprise you and the kanna is blooming I will do it.Sometimes, as I walk on such a road, I suddenly try to create the illusion that it is not Kyoto, but Sendai and Nagasaki, which are hundreds of miles away from Kyoto - I am now in such a city. If I could, I wanted to escape from Kyoto and go to a city where I didn't know anyone. First, rest. A room in a garakan. Clean futon. A smelly mosquito net and a well-glued yukata. I want to lie down there without thinking about anything for about a month. If this place has become that city before you know it. ――When the illusion finally begins to succeed, I paint my imagination from there to it.Nothing, it's a duplicate of my illusion and the city that was about to break. And I enjoyed losing sight of myself in real life. I fell in love with that fireworks again. The fireworks themselves are the second stage, with that cheap paint, red, purple, yellow, blue, a bunch of fireworks with various stripes, the starring of Nakayama-ji Temple, the flower battle, and the withered suki. Then the rat fireworks are circled one by one and packed in a box. Something like that strangely instigated my heart. After that, I also fell in love with Ohajiki, which is a colored glass called Biidoro, and I fell in love with Nanjing jade. It was an indescribable pleasure for me to taste it again.Is there a quiet and cool taste as much as that taste of Biidoro? When I was young, I often put it in my mouth and was scolded by my parents, but maybe it's because the sweet memories of that childhood grew and came back to me, but that taste was completely refreshing and somehow poetic. I'm coming. As you can guess, I didn't have any money. That said, luxury was necessary to comfort myself when I saw such a thing and almost moved my heart even a little. It's a luxurious thing to say two cents or three cents. It's beautiful - it's rather flattering on my lethless tentacles. ――What I said naturally comforted me.Before my life had not yet been eroded, my favorite place was Maruzen, for example. Red and yellow eau de cologne and eau quinine. Amber-colored and jade-colored perfume pots with stylish kiriko work and elegant rococo hobby floating patterns. Cigarette pipes, small swords, soap, cigarettes. I sometimes spent an hour looking at such a thing. And in the end, I was so luxurious that I bought a pencil that was the best. However, this was just a heavy place for me at that time. Books, students, and account stands all looked like ghosts of debt collectors to me. One morning - at that time, I went from A's friend to B's friendI was living in a friend's boarding house, but I was left alone in the empty air after my friend left school. I had to wander out of there again. Something is chasing me. And from the city to the city, I walked down the back street as I mentioned earlier, stopped in front of the candy store, looked at the dried shrimp, stick cod, and yuba at the dry goods store, and finally went down the temple town towards Nijo and stopped at the fruit shop there. I'd like to introduce the fruit shop here, and that fruit shop was my favorite shop I knew. It was by no means a great shop, but the unique beauty of the fruit shop was the most blatant.The fruits are arranged on a steep platform with a fairly steep slope, and it seems that the platform was also an old black lacquered board. The rapid flow of some gorgeous and beautiful music is lined up as if the Gorgon's demon face, which has turned the viewer into a stone, is solidified in that color and that kind of volium. The blue things are still piled up as you go to the back. ――In fact, the beauty of the ginseng leaves over there was wonderful. Then it's a bean pickled in water or a jigu. Also, the beauty of the house there was at night. Teramachi-dori Street is a bustling street - it feels like TokyoIt's much clearer than Osaka, but the light from the decorative windows is flowing into the streets. I don't know why it's strangely dark around the store. Originally, one side was a street corner adjacent to the dark Nijo-dori Street, so it was natural that it was dark, but it was not clear that the neighbor was dark even though it was a house on Teramachi-dori. But if the house hadn't been dark, I don't think it would have seduced me so much. The other one is the room that was launched by the house, but the room is like a hat room with a deep crown of the eyes - this is not a description than a description, so much that makes you think, "Oh, the shop over there is lowering the hat box very low," so the top of the room is also dark. .Because the surroundings are dark, the splendor of several electric lights on the store is bathed like a rainstorm, and the beautiful view is illuminated as desired without being taken away by anyone around. It was rare in the temple town to see the view of this fruit shop, which made me excited at that time, standing on the traffic where the naked electric light stuck into my eyes, and looking at the glass window on the second floor of the neighboring shop. That day, I went shopping at that store more than ever. That's because there were rare lemons in that store. Lemons are very common. It's not shabby to see that storeBut it was just a natural greengrocer, so I had never seen it much before. What the hell do I like that lemon? That simple color that seems to have been squeezed out of a tube and solidified Lemon Elow's paint, and that long spindle-shaped outfit. ――In the end, I decided to buy only one of them. Where and how did I walk after that? I've been walking around the city for a long time. I was very happy on the city, as the ominous mass that had been pressing my heart all the time seemed to have slackened somewhat from the moment I held it. Such a relentless melancholy was mixed up by such a piece of thing - or something suspicious was paradoxical.Even so, what a mysterious thing the heart is. The coldness of the lemon was incomparable. At that time, I had a bad lung tip and I always had a fever in my body. In fact, I tried to hold hands to show off my fever to anyone at my friend, but my palm was hotter than anyone else's. Probably because of the heat, the coldness that seemed to soak through the family from the palm he was holding was pleasant. I took the fruit to my nose and smelled it again and again. I can imagine California, which is the production area of it. "Blitting the nose" that was written in the "words of the mandler" learned in Chinese writingThe word comes to mind. And when I inhaled the smelly air to my heart's content, a warm blood rose to my body and face, which had never breathed to my heart's content, and somehow my family woke up. ...... In fact, I find it strange that such a simple sense of cold, touch, smell, and vision suited me so well that I wanted to say that I had been looking for this for a long time - because that's what it was around that time. I was already thinking about the poet who walked around the city in an aesthetic outfit※("Sanzui + Kuo", the 4th level 2-79-45) while bouncing the traffic with light excitement, and even feeling a kind of pride.I put it on a dirty towel, put it on top of the cloak, and measure the reflection of the color, and think about this again, - in other words, this is the weight. ―― That weight is what I've always been asking about, and there's no doubt that this weight is the weight that has been converted into the weight of all the good things and all the beautiful things, and I'm thinking about such a ridiculous thing from the heart that I've been thinking about - what But now I was happy. I don't know where and how I walked, but the last place I stood was in front of Maruzen. Maruzen, who was usually avoiding like that, seemed to get in easily for me at that time. Let's go in one today.Then I went in. But I don't know what happened, the happy emotions that had been in my heart gradually escaped. My heart didn't go to the perfume pot or the smoke pipe. Melancholy covered me, I thought it was the fatigue of walking around. I went to the front of the book shelf. Even taking out the heavy parts of the art collection always takes more and more effort! I thought so. However, I pull out one book at a time, and then open it, but the feeling of going to Katsumei does not come up even more. Moreover, the curse brings out the next book again. It's the same. However, I have to try it in pieces once, so I don't feel comfortable.I can't stand it anymore and leave it there. I can't even go back to my previous position. I repeated it many times. Finally, in the end, I put down the heavy orange book of the angle that I have always loved so much for even more bearable. ――What a curse. There is still fatigue in the muscles of the hand. I was depressed and looked at the pile of books that I had pulled out. I wonder what happened to the picture book that drew me so much before. After exposing my eyes one by one, I used to like to taste that strange feeling when I looked around too ordinary......."Oh, that's right, that's right." At that time, I remembered the lemon in the sling. If you pile up the colors of the book in a mess and try it with this lemon once. That's right." The light enthusiasm from earlier came back to me again. I piled it up at random, crushed it in a hurry, and built it up in a hurry. I pulled it out and added it or removed it. The strange and fantastic castle turned red and blue each time. It's finally done. And while controlling the heart that jumped lightly, he fearfully placed the lemon on the top of the castle wall. And it was well done. When you look at it, the color of the lemonThe messy color tone was quietly absorbed into the spindle-shaped body, and it was clear with Khan. I felt that the air in the dusty Maruzen was strangely tense only around the lemon. I looked at it for a while. Unexpectedly, a second idea occurred. That strange plot rather shocked me. ――After leaving it as it is, I go out with a face that doesn't eat anything. ―― I felt strangely tickled. I wonder if I should leave. That's right, let's go out." Then I left. The strangely ticklish feeling made me smile on the city.I was the strange villain who planted a horrible golden bomb on Maruzen's shelf, and how interesting it would be if that Maruzen had a big explosion centered on the art shelf after ten minutes. I pursued this imagination enthusiastically. Then that stuffy Maruzen will also be a powdery leaf." And I went down Kyogoku, where the signboard paintings of the activity photos color the city with a strange taste.
