 I am a cat 
 Natsume Soseki 
 I am a cat. I don't have a name yet. I have no idea where he was born. All I remember is that I was meowing and crying in a dark and bullying place. I saw humans for the first time here. Moreover, when I heard it later, it was said that it was the most vicious race among humans called calligraphers. This calligrapher is a story that sometimes catches us and boils us. However, at that time, I didn't think anything, so I didn't think it was scary. However, when it was put on his palm and lifted up, there was a fluffy feeling. A palmIt was probably the beginning of the so-called human being that he calmed down a little and looked at the face of the calligrapher. The feeling that I thought was strange at this time still remains. The face that should be decorated with the first hair is smooth and looks like a medicine can. After that, I've met a lot of cats, but I've never met a cat like this. Not only that, but the middle of the face is too protruding. Then smoke blows from time to time from the hole. I was really weak because I had a sore throat. At this time, I finally realized that this is the cigarette that humans drink. He sat in good spirit for a while behind the palm of this calligrapher, but after a while, he began to drive at a very high speed.I don't know if the calligrapher is moving or if I'm the only one moving, but my eyes turn darkly. My heart gets sick. When I thought I couldn't help it, there was a tud and fire came out of my eyes. I remember it until then, but I don't know what to do after that, no matter how much I try to think about it. When I suddenly realized, there was no calligrapher. I can't see a single brother who has a lot of people. Even the crucial mother was hidden. On top of that, unlike previous places, it is bright without darkness. I can't keep my eyes open. It hurts a lot when I see that Yoko is crawling out, saying that everything is wrong. I was suddenly abandoned from the straw into the sasahara. When I finally crawled out of Sasahara, there was a large pond in the other sides.I sat in front of the pond and thought about what to do. I don't have any discernment about this. After a while, if I cried, I wondered if the calligrapher would come to pick me up again. Meow, meow, I tried to try, but no one came. Soon, the wind will blow over the pond and the sun will set. I'm very hungry. Even if I want to cry, I can't speak. I couldn't help it, I made up my mind to go to the place where there was food, so I started to go around the pond to the left. It's very painful. When I endured it and crawled by force, I finally came out into a place that smelled like a human. When I crawled in here, I thought I could do something about it, so I went through the collapsed hole of the bamboo fence and into a certain residence.The relationship is mysterious, and if this bamboo fence had not been broken, I might have finally starved to death on the side of the road. It is often said that the shadow of a tree. The hole in this fence has been a passageway for me to visit my neighbor's Sanmo to this day. Well, although I sneaked into the mansion, I don't know how good it will be from now on. Soon, it would get dark, I would be hungry, it would be cold, and it would rain, so I couldn't give it for a moment. I can't help it, so I'll go to the side that looks bright and warm anyway. Now that I think about it, I was already crawling into the house at that time. Here I encountered the opportunity to see people other than his calligrapher again.The first person I met was Osan. This was even more violent than the previous calligrapher, and as soon as he saw me, he suddenly grabbed his neck muscles and threw them out. No, I thought this was no good, so I left my luck to heaven. However, I can't stand the cold and cold. I crawled up to the kitchen again, seeing the gap between you. Then he was thrown out again soon after. I remember that I was thrown out and crawled up, crawled up and thrown out, and repeated the same thing four or five times. At that time, the person who said it was really disgusting. The other day, after I gave this report to Mr. Sanma, the scabs in my chest finally came down.When I was about to be picked up for the last time, the owner of this house came out saying something noisy. The maid hangs me and points it towards her master, and she says that no matter how much this innless kitten comes out, she will come up to the kitchen and she will be in trouble. My husband looked at my face for a while while twisting the black hair under his nose, but eventually he crawled into the back while saying that he would leave it inside. The master seemed to be a person who didn't listen much. The maid threw me into the kitchen with a reluctant mouth. In this way, I finally decided to make this house my home.
